c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.exe.config
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.exe
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.pdb
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\ServiceFabricServiceModel.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.xml
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\obj\x64\Debug\Calculator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\obj\x64\Debug\Calculator.exe
c:\users\t.loveless\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ServiceFabricApp1\Calculator\obj\x64\Debug\Calculator.pdb
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.exe.config
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.exe
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.pdb
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\ServiceFabricServiceModel.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Calculator.Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.xml
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\obj\x64\Debug\Calculator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\obj\x64\Debug\Calculator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\obj\x64\Debug\Calculator.exe
C:\Users\helen.pickron\Downloads\BackstageHackathonWinter2019\Calculator\obj\x64\Debug\Calculator.pdb
